c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.BL.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.DAO.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.BL.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.DAO.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.CORE.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.CORE.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.BL.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.DAO.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.CORE.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.BL.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.DAO.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.CORE.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.BL.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.DAO.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.CORE.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.BL.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.DAO.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\UNBUM.CORE.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.STARTUP\obj\Debug\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
