c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.dll.config
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.BL.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.CORE.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.BL.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.CORE.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.DAO.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.DAO.pdb
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\bestanislao.indra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.dll.config
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.BL.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.CORE.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.DAO.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.BL.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.CORE.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.DAO.pdb
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.dll
C:\Users\bestanislao\Desktop\UNBUM\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.dll.config
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.UI.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Owin.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.BL.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.CORE.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.STARTUP.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.DAO.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.BL.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.CORE.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.STARTUP.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\bin\UNBUM.DAO.pdb
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.dll
D:\unbum\trunk\UNBUM.UI\obj\Debug\UNBUM.UI.pdb
